# Terms of Use

A document regarding the terms of use and data collection policies for Hearkus.
These terms are accepted once the user registers on the platform or uses any of
our services. These terms are also subject to change and the user will be
notified of any changes via available non-intrusive communication channels, such
as email, in-app notifications, or social media.

**Last updated: 2022-12-31**

## General

Hearkus is a platform for discovering and sharing feedback on music. We provide
a variety of services, including music recommendations, user reviews, and
community forums.

We reserve the right to modify or discontinue any of our services at any time,
while notifying users of major changes via available non-intrusive communication
channels.

The user agrees to use the platform in accordance with the Terms of Use and
Privacy Policy. The user is responsible for any activity that occurs under their
account and agrees to keep their account password or any authentication
credentials secure.

We will not sell or share your personal data with third parties, except if we
are required to do so by law or legal process.

## Disclaimer of Warranties

Hearkus is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We make no
warranties, express or implied, regarding the availability, reliability, or
performance of Hearkus.

We do not warrant that Hearkus will be error-free or that any defects will be
corrected. We will not be liable for any damages arising from the use of
Hearkus, including but not limited to indirect, incidental, consequential, or
punitive damages.

### Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold us, and our affiliates, officers, agents, and
employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys'
fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of Hearkus, your
violation of these terms, or your violation of any rights of another.

### Governing Law

These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the state of `SÃ£o Paulo, Brazil`, without giving effect to any principles of
conflicts of law.

### Miscellaneous

If any provision of these terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable, that
provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent possible, and the remaining
provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

These terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us regarding
Hearkus. They supersede any prior agreements or understandings, whether written
or oral.

## Privacy Policy

At Hearkus, we are committed to protecting your privacy and personal data. This
Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share your personal data when
you use our platform and services. Information we collect

We collect the following types of information from you when you use Hearkus:

- Personal information: This includes information that can be used to identify
  you, such as your name, email address, and location.
- Usage data: This includes information about how you use Hearkus, such as the
  music you listen to, your ratings and reviews, and your activity on the
  platform.

### How we use your personal data

We use your personal data to provide and improve our services, including:

- Personalizing your experience on Hearkus, such as by providing recommendations
  based on your music preferences and activity.
- Communicating with you, such as by responding to your inquiries or providing
  you with updates about Hearkus.
- Analyzing and understanding how our users use Hearkus, so that we can continue
  to improve and develop the platform.

### Sharing your personal data

We do not sell or share your personal data with third parties, except in the
following cases:

- If we are required to do so by law or legal process.
- If we partner with other companies to provide services on Hearkus, such as
  hosting or analytics. In these cases, we will only share the minimum amount of
  personal data necessary for the service to be provided.

### Data retention

- We retain your personal data for as long as your account is active or as
  needed to provide you with our services. If you wish to delete your account or
  request that we delete your personal data, please contact us at
  `hearkus@axyria.dev`.

### Data security

We take appropriate measures to protect your personal data from unauthorized
access, use, or disclosure. However, no data transmission over the internet or
data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we
strive to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its security.

### Children's privacy

Hearkus is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly
collect personal data from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that
a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal data, we will delete
such data from our systems.

### Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our
practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. When we update
our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent
with the significance of the changes we make. We encourage you to review the
Privacy Policy whenever you access our services to stay informed about our
information practices and your choices.
